

Level1Unit1Part4



 This is dan. Hello. My name is dan, Jane is a man, I come from the us, This is tina. Hi, my name is tina, Tina is a woman, I come from China, What is her name? Her name is tina. Listen to the sentence and repeat after it, His name is dan,  This is ben. Ben is from Canada, He isn't from the us, This is lisa. She comes from the us, She and dan are from the us. They come from the same country, Where is ben come from? He comes from Canada, Please try again, He comes from Canada, She is from China, The boy's name is ben.  Here are three cities. This city is san francisco. This city is beijing. This city is London, San francisco is in the us, Beijing is in China, London is in England, Which city is in China? Beijing is in China, China is a country,  Tina is from China. She lives in beijing, Ben is from Canada. He lives in toronto, Who lives in beijing, Tina lives in beijing, Where is tina live? She lives in beijing, Tina lives in beijing, Tina lives in beijing



 Go into the bathroom, Come out of the bathroom, Go into the elevator, Come out of the elevator, Wait for the elevator,  She's coming out of the elevator.  Wait for the elevator. Listen to the center.  Here are two hands, This is a foot, Here are two feet, This is the norm, This is a leg, Two hands, These are two hands.  Go up the stairs, Go down the stairs, Put up your hand, Put down your hand, Open the book, Close the book


 Turn left, Turn right, Go straight, Stop, Turn around,   Sunny weather, Rainy weather, Cloudy weather, Cold weather, Hot weather, It's.  It's raining



 Hi tina. How are you today? I'm fine. Thanks. How are you? I'm fine. It's nice to see you listen carefully I am I'm,  Is this tina? Hi, yes, this is tina. Who is this? Its den. Oh, hi, dan. How are you today? I'm fine. Thanks. How are you? I'm fine hi dan. How is the weather there? It's fine. It's sunny and warm. Good. The weather is good here too.   How's the weather?  What's the weather today? It's raining really it's sunny here well, have a good day. Thanks you too listen carefully. How is your house it is or?  She that can where is she from? She's from Korea. Does she live there? Yes, she does. She lives in seoul, Who is she.   Hi, my name is dan. I'm from the us. Where are you from? Hi, my name is tina. I'm from China. Where do you live? I live in beijing. How about you? I live in san francisco


 60, 68, 70, 74, 80, 89, 90, 93, 100


 Are, Right, Red, Russia, Read, A ruler, S, The sun, Sad, South, Sydney, Six, T, A taxi, A tomato, Toes, A teacher, 10, Right.  Under, Unhappy, An umbrella, Uniforms, The united states, C, Vegetables, A fine line,  Vietnam, Volleyball, Venice, W, Water, A woman, A watch, A window, West.  This is an umbrella, Beginner, the united states is in North America, See it now, Vietnam is a country in asia, Volleyball, volleyball is a sport. A woman, She is a woman, This window is closed, West, West is this direction x, Box, Exit, An x ray, A fox, Toxic, Why? Yellow, A year, Yesterday, Yes, Toy, C, Zero, As you, Zipper, Jazz, Zebra, Box, This is a box, A fox, This is a fox toxic, This is toxic, A safer, This is a zebra Jazz, They are playing Jazz



Greetings

 How are you today? 
 Hello is this tina? 
 Who is this
 Hi dan
How is the weather there
 It's raining
 Well, have a good day
  Who is she
 That's kim
 Where is she from
 She's from Korea
but she lives in seoul
 I live in san francisco











