

Level1Unit1Part3


 This is dan. 
 Hello. My name is dan, 
 Dan is a man, He comes from the us, 
 This is tina. Hi, my name is tina, 
 Tina is a woman, She comes from China, 
 What's his name? His name is dan. 
 Listen to the sentence and repeat after it,  
 Hello this is ben hello, my name is ben, 
 And it's a boy, He comes from Canada, 
 This is lisa. Hello. My name is lisa, Lisa is a girl, She comes from the us, 
 What is the boy's name.  
 Tina comes from China, Tina dion comes from the us, Tina comes from China, 
 They come from different countries. They don't come from the same country, 
 Ben comes from Canada and lisa comes from the us. 
 They come from different countries, 
 Dan and lisa come from the us. They come from the same country, 
 Do dan and tina come from the same country? 
 They don't come from the same country, 
 Dan and lisa come from the us, Ben and lisa come from a fam.  
 And lisa come from the us. 
 Here are three people to men and woman, They are adults. They are not children, 
 Here are three people, two girls and boy, They are children. They are not adults? 
 Which person is a  Doors, Tina is an adult, not a child, 
 Is this person a child? Lisa is a child. 
 Are these people adults or they are adults, They are not adults, 
 Ben and tina are adults, Dan and tina are adults, Tina is a woman

 This is a chair. People sit on chairs, 
 This is a door people open and closed doors, 
 This is a window. This window is open, This is a window. This window is closed, 
 Two books. People read books, 
 Three pencils. People write with pencils, 
 What do people sit on? Sit on chairs, 
 What do people open and close? People open and closed doors, 
 What is open? This window is open. 
 Here are two books. 
 Here are three pencils. 
 Listen to the sentence and repeat after it.  
 A bathroom, An elevator, O'clock, A watch, A hand, 
 This is a bathroom, Where is the elevator? This is an elevator, 
 Where is the clock? This is a clock, It is a hand, 
 Where is the watch? This is a watch, This is a bathroom



 Two hands. Here are two hands, 
 A foot. This is a foot, Two feet. Here are two feet, 
 This is the norm, A lake. This is a leg, 
 Where are two hands? Here are two hands, 
 Where is the foot? Please try again. 
 Where's the foot? This is a fight. 
 Where are two feet? Here are two feet, 
 It's an arm a lake, It's a lake. 
 Listen to the sentence and repeat after it, 
 Sit down, Stand up, Close the door, Open the door, 
 Take up the case, Put down the keys, Sit down



 Hi, my name is dan. I come from the us. Where do you come from? 
 Hi, my name is tina. I come from China, Who is that? 
 That can where does she come from? She comes from Korea, 
 Hi, my name is kim. I come from Korea. Do you both come from the us? 
 No, we don't. We come from different countries. I come from China and he comes from the us. 
 Hi, my name is dan.  Do they both come from China.  
 What is my name? My name is dan. Do you come from the us? 
 Do I come from the us? No, I don't. I don't come from the us. 
 Where do you come from? Where do I come from? I come from Canada?



 OK, Is, Kids, A kitchen, Career, A kitten, 
 L, Left, A lake, London, A leaf, A lock, 
 Kiss, These are kids, A kitchen and this is a kitchen, *** you, This is a kitten, 
 London, London is in England a leaf, This leaf is green 
 m, The moon, Mexico, Music, March, May, An m 
 night n a nose, North, November, Notebooks, 
 Oh, An ocean, On, Open, October, 
 Mexico, Mexico is a country, March, March is the 3rd month 
 night, Night comes after day and, This is a nose, No fair, November is the 11th month, 
 On the light is on off, The light is off, October, October is the 10th month 
 p, A pencil, Paper, Paris, Paul, Push, Kill 
 q question? A quiz, A queen, Quiet, *** you, 
 A pencil, This is a pencil, Call, Pull the door open a question, Ask a question and a quiz, 
 A please try again. A quiz, These students are taking a quiz, Quiet, Stop talking


 10, 20, 22, 30, 36, 40, 41, 50, 57, 



