

Level1Unit1Part2


 People and countries
 Daily objects
 Daily actions
 Nice to meet you
 Letters f-j
 Numbers 11-20


 This is dan. 
 Hello. My name is dan, 
 Jane is a man, 
 This is tina hi, my name is tina, Tina is a woman, 
 Who is the man.  Dan is a man. 
 This is ben hi, my name is ben, Ben is a boy, 
 This is lisa. Hello. My name is lisa, Lisa is a girl, 
 Who is, Ben is a boy. This is dan. This is ben. 
 Danny is a man and ben is a boy, 
 Who is the boy.  Then is the boy. This is tina. This is lisa. 
 Tina is a woman and lisa is a girl, 
 Who is the woman.  
 This man's name is dan,  
 Are three people, Here are two people. Their names are dan and tina, 
 Which person is a girl.  This person is a girl. 
 Her name is lisa, 
 Is this person a woman? This person is a woman, This person is a girl, 
 This person's name is danny. This person's name is dan.  
 The boy's name is ben.  
 Here are three countries, france, Japan and Canada, 
 Which country is Japan? This is Japan.


 sit
 Stand up  Stand
 Put



 This is a door, This is a chair, This is the key, This is a desk, This is a cell phone, 
 Where's the door  
 This is a window, 
 These are stairs, 
 This is a book, This is a pencil, This is a pen, 
 Where is the window.  
 This is a bathroom.  
 An elevator. This is an elevator, O'clock. This is a clock, 
 All right. This is a watch, A hand. This is a hand.  
 Where is the elevator.  This is an elevator.  This is a watch, This is a hand



 Stand up, Close the door, Open the door, 
 Take up the case, Put down the keys,  
 Go up the stairs, Go down the stairs, 
 Put up your hand, Put down your hand, 
 Open the book, Close the book, 


 Here are two people, a man and woman. 
 Hello, my name is dan. 
 What is your name? Hello, dan. My name is tina 
 tina, yes, my name is tina. And your name is dan, right? 
 Yes, my name is dan da, 
 it's nice to meet you, dan. 
 It's nice to meet you, tina. 
 Listen carefully, 
 Who is that? What is his name? His name is ken 
 ken, yes. His name is ken, Who is that? Her name is kim, 
 Tina this is ken can this is tina. 
 Hi, tina. It's nice to meet you, 
 Dan this is kim kim. This is dan. 
 Hi, dan. It's nice to meet you. 
 Hi, kim. It's nice to meet you too, 
 Here are two people.  
 Their names are dan and tina. 


 S, A family, Fingers, 15, Friends, February, 
 G, A girl, A game, Germany, Drain, Goat,  
 France is a country  This is a girl.  Germany is a country.  This is a goat.  
 A hand, Hands, Here, A house, Happy, 
 I, Ice, Inc, India, Ireland, Italy, 
 J, Japan, Jeans, Juice, June, July, 
 Hands.  Here are two hands, Here his hair is gray, 
 Ice, Ice is cold, not hot, India, India is an Asian country, Ireland, Ireland is a european country, 
 Jeans, These are genes, Juice, A glass of juice, July, Line is the 7th month


 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20


















